1. WHERE Clause:
The WHERE clause is used to filter rows before any aggregation or grouping occurs.
It operates on the raw data, applying conditions to each individual row.
For example:

sql
Copy code
WHERE Price > 100
This will exclude any rows where the Price is 100 or less before any further operations are performed, like grouping or aggregation.
2. GROUP BY Clause:
After filtering rows using WHERE, the GROUP BY clause groups the filtered data based on one or more columns.
Once the data is grouped, you can apply aggregate functions like SUM, COUNT, AVG, etc., to each group.
In your query:

sql
Copy code
GROUP BY CustomerName
This means the query groups the data by CustomerName, so all rows for each customer are grouped together.
3. HAVING Clause:
The HAVING clause is similar to WHERE, but it works after the grouping and aggregation has been performed.
It's used to filter groups of rows (not individual rows) based on aggregate conditions.
For example:

sql
Copy code
HAVING SUM(Price) > 10000
After the data is grouped by CustomerName, this filters out the groups
 (customers) whose total sales amount (SUM(Price)) is 10,000 or less.
Example with Detailed Breakdown:
Here’s the full query:

sql
Copy code
SELECT CustomerName, SUM(Price) AS TotalSalesAmount
FROM Sales
WHERE Price > 100 -- 1. Filters out rows where Price is 100 or less
GROUP BY CustomerName -- 2. Groups the remaining rows by CustomerName
HAVING SUM(Price) > 10000; -- 3. Filters out customer groups where the total Price is 10,000 or less
Step-by-Step Process:
WHERE Price > 100:

Imagine a Sales table with multiple rows for each customer,
 each representing an individual sale.
This clause removes any sale where the price is less than or equal to 100.
After this step, only sales with a price greater than 100 remain.
GROUP BY CustomerName:

The remaining rows are grouped by the CustomerName field.
For each customer, all the rows representing their sales
 are bundled together into a group.
HAVING SUM(Price) > 10000:

For each group (customer), the query calculates 
the total sales amount (SUM(Price)).
After calculating the sum, the HAVING clause filters
 out groups where the total sales amount is 10,000 or less.
The result is a list of customers whose total sales
exceed 10,000 after filtering.
Key Points to Remember:
WHERE operates before the aggregation
 and can filter individual rows.
HAVING operates after the aggregation
 and filters the groups that result
 from GROUP BY.
You can use both clauses in the same 
query to refine both the input to the aggregation
 and the aggregated results themselves.
If you have more complex conditions or additional
 questions, feel free to ask!